[Core v1.12 beta2] Document OSI Semantic Layer artifact (#9206)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/03-upgrading-to-v1.12.md

For migration guidance and a comparison between the latest spec and the legacy spec, refer to [Migrate to the latest YAML spec](/docs/build/latest-metrics-spec). For the semantic model reference, refer to [Semantic models](/docs/build/semantic-models).

### OSI Semantic Layer artifact

> <Constant name="core" /> v1.12 emits `target/osi_document.json` at parse time alongside `target/semantic_manifest.json`. This artifact provides an OSI (Open Semantic Interchange) representation of your project's <Constant name="semantic_layer" />. For more information, refer to [Semantic manifest](/reference/artifacts/sl-manifest#osi-document).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in <Constant name="core" /> v1.12, dbt writes an `osi_document.json` file to your `target/` directory alongside `semantic_manifest.json` at parse time. This artifact provides an Open Semantic Interchange (OSI) representation of your project's <Constant name="semantic_layer" />. For more information, refer to [Semantic manifest](/reference/artifacts/sl-manifest#osi-document).
```
